README.md, before:

# Linked Data Views #

## Description ##

This is a work in progress and includes research into creating connected web views of Linked Data. It's part of the Fusing Audio and Semantic Technologies (FAST) project, see http://www.semanticaudio.ac.uk/ .

The project uses NodeJS and the Dust templating engine, it interfaces with Fuseki and Mongo databases. 

It indexes JSON data (currently only outputs from Annalist, see http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.290669 ) and produces web pages based on that data using reusable templates based on the predicats and objects of an entity.

## Minor Parts ##

Includes a browser based template request system utilising the Dust template engine, see  LDView / public / js / templater.js

Includes a node library to interface with Fuseki, see LDView / lib / fuseki.js

Includes a webviews module to open multiple pages in a single page.

## Docker ##
If you use docker for mongo and fuseki:
sudo docker run -p 3030:3030 --name ldview-fuseki -e ADMIN_PASSWORD=<PASSWORD> -d stain/jena-fuseki
sudo docker run --name ldview-mongo -p 27017:27017 -d mongo


## Build ##

1. git clone
1. npm install
1. copy config-local-template.js to config-local.js
1. (create folder temp/json/original and temp/json/adjusted)
1. node bin/jsonld.jena.loader.js (it may throw some unneeded 404s)
1. node bin/jsonld.mongo.loader.js
1. node bin/www 
1. (If you use apache2 you will likely need AllowEncodedSlashes NoDecode adding)

Commit message:

The Use of "node" added.

README.md, after:

# Linked Data Views #

## Description ##

This is a work in progress and includes research into creating connected web views of Linked Data. It's part of the Fusing Audio and Semantic Technologies (FAST) project, see http://www.semanticaudio.ac.uk/ .

The project uses NodeJS and the Dust templating engine, it interfaces with Fuseki and Mongo databases. 

It indexes JSON data (currently only outputs from Annalist, see http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.290669 ) and produces web pages based on that data using reusable templates based on the predicats and objects of an entity.

## Minor Parts ##

Includes a browser based template request system utilising the Dust template engine, see  LDView / public / js / templater.js

Includes a node library to interface with Fuseki, see LDView / lib / fuseki.js

Includes a webviews module to open multiple pages in a single page.

## Docker ##
If you use docker for mongo and fuseki:
sudo docker run -p 3030:3030 --name ldview-fuseki -e ADMIN_PASSWORD=<PASSWORD> -d stain/jena-fuseki
sudo docker run --name ldview-mongo -p 27017:27017 -d mongo

## Additional ##
You may need to add an executable called "node" before you do npm install if you only have nodejs
sudo ln -s /usr/bin/nodejs /usr/bin/node

## Build ##

1. git clone
1. npm install
1. copy config-local-template.js to config-local.js
1. (create folder temp/json/original and temp/json/adjusted)
1. node bin/jsonld.jena.loader.js (it may throw some unneeded 404s)
1. node bin/jsonld.mongo.loader.js
1. node bin/www 
1. (If you use apache2 you will likely need AllowEncodedSlashes NoDecode adding)
